# Module-1-challenge

# WELLSFARGO BANK

## Overview and Origin

* What is the name of the company?
WELLSFARGO
* When was the company incorporated?
March,1852
* Who are the founders of the company?
Henry wells and Williams G.fargo
* How did the idea for the company (or project) come about?
henry and Williams create the American express for extended their market 
* How is the company funded? How much funding have they received?
so in order to extended the market for gaining more customers and state,henry and williams was denied by the company directors the extensions of american express then they decide to create wellsfargo with their business money planned for extending american express.



## Business Activities

* What specific financial problem is the company or project trying to solve? presently wells fargo work on improving his customers experiences because of the fraud and all a lot of accusations the company had face these last years. 

* Who is the company's intended customer?  Is there any information about the market size of this set of customers?
based on my reserach wells fargo reached more 70 millions customers allover the world ,the estimations of countries where wellsfargo operate are 35
* What solution does this company offer that their competitors do not or cannot offer? (What is the unfair advantage they utilize?)

* Which technologies are they currently using, and how are they implementing them? in the history of online banking wellsfargo wasth first bank to provide for his customers the online banking in 1995 since then they have improve a their services in order to stay connected to the most recent technologie. 


## Landscape

* What domain of the financial industry is the company in?
wells fargo has a lot financial industry domain so i will only focus on the digital banking or online banking 
* What have been the major trends and innovations of this domain over the last 5–10 years? in 2018 wells fargo lauch a new digital banking app for his customers to be able to track the finances easily

* What are the other major companies in this domain? 
Three majors companies which come before wellsfargo in online banking products and services; the first of all is JP MORGAN ,then comes BANK OF AMERICAN lastly CITY BANK.


## Results

* What has been the business impact of this company so far? because of many challenge or scandal the company has face during this last years ,Wellsfago is renforcing his team in domain of Fraud and Claims Management also the company is equiping them with all the tools necessary such as the operation model of prevent,detect and recover.

* What are some of the core metrics that companies in this domain use to measure success? How is your company performing, based on these metrics?
one of the important statement for us to be able to analyse the performance of wellsfargo is the income statement which give us many information as the revenue generated by wellsfargo in 2022 the amount is 73 billion and net income is 13 billion  during the pandemic in 2020 many companies include wellsfargo had face some challenge therefore it revenue was 74 billion and the net income 3 billion, in 2021 the company made some progress the revenue generate was 78 billion and the net income 21 billion.

* How is your company performing relative to competitors in the same domain? 
Wellsfargo performing relatively very well compare to bank of america. so we can see based on the company annual report 2022  Wellsfargo generarted 13.2 billion in net income and bank of america has the net income of 27 billion in 2022.comparing their services wellsfargo has some pro like wells fargo has more branches cons are wells fargo has 12000 ATM on the other hand bank of american has 16000.but wells fargo offer lower monthly. fees than bank of ameeican and so on .


## Recommendations

* If you were to advise the company, what products or services would you suggest they offer? (This could be something that a competitor offers, or use your imagination!)
they need to work on increasing they ATM in the country and outside the country specialy they need more transpenracy the fees they retain to customers.
* Why do you think that offering this product or service would benefit the company? the online banking is great and wellsfargo put in place innovation multi x factor for technologie innovation and winning market.
atm and transparency will help the company to win its customers trust back and improving theisr experiences



